I decided it would be fun to add a walkthrough of my trails and errors.
This wont be a walkthrough on how it was made but the events that transpired.

                     BEWARE THE TERRIBLE SPELLING
    also i am too tired to fix the weid text as i dont like using the vscode text editor for these txt files
so four days ago i started the project i know its said it would be hard and that you will have to look things up
but mannnn.

anyway so i start and think okay so i just and 16 divs through java not in html and follow some instructions so i make sixteen divs.
then i realise wait thats not it so i make a function that makes sixteen divs and adds them to a grid.

im still a  beginer and have no clue what an etch a sketch is i think one appered in a tv show i watched t dsome point.
so im going crazy trying to figure this out.
then im like maybe its there are youtube videos out there that brake it down.

so i watch one and the dudeds like bawm poh zap and all this code i haver never even seen is flying evrywhere with no explanation
 as to who hat why or even how is gamora
then i found a second video and this guy atleast explained what he was doing. some of the whys quickly came with it but im still way out of my depth and its late.
 so i scarpped my work and decided to start fesh.

 i had college the next two days i think life has all blared toghether as of late. 
 what i do know is that for two days when i got home i became one with my chair

today i have some time though and i rewatched some videos explaing the hows and whys.
 i even found a webpage about the project and someone attemptds at it that if ound helpful.
 i looked at stack overflow which was cool
but i didnt want to copy their work looking it up is more about understanding why and since i got that i had alll in needed to get to work.

so yeah i thinks its working i will add some extrs later.



back files got corrupted !!!!
had  to look for a way to make diffrent colors.
 i cant be bothered with the adding 10% black though as im gonna eat my dinner instead.
 
 css tricks was made by peole with beautiful brains man.